# TestFrame

TestFrame is CGI’s methodology for structuring test processes. An important characteristic of TestFrame is the emphasis it places on the separation between what is to be tested, and how it is to be tested. This separation lies at the core of TestFrame. It is carried through in the entire realization phase, splitting it effectively into two separate phases: the analysis and the navigation phase. Both have their own design and implementation steps.

Analysis concerns itself with what is to be tested. It can consist of several activities: analyzing the system under test (SUT); defining which functions of the SUT are to be tested, and creating test conditions and cases for these; breaking the test cases down into test actions; writing the test actions down in cluster files as action words, using a specified notation called TestFrame Language (TFL).

Navigation deals with how is to be tested. This phase only exists when tests are automated. It is software development of project specific test products. It can consist of several activities: setting up an environment for automated testing of the SUT, making a technical analysis of the SUT and providing its necessary interfaces; designing a structure for the test software; implementing the test actions defined during the analysis phase in action word functions.

Making the separation between analysis and navigation has several advantages. Firstly, the deliverables of both phases can be developed separately. This makes it possible for several people to work on a test without getting their wires crossed. Secondly, the deliverables can be maintained separately. So, for instance, a change in a test case does not necessarily mean a change in an interface with the SUT, or vice versa. Thirdly, creating tests is made more flexible—new tests can reuse the deliverables of the old ones more easily. A new test case, for instance, might be constructed out of previously defined test actions; if these already have implementations, it need not even be implemented anew, only in the cluster. Or if, for example, a system is ported to a new operating system; most test cases will still hold, while only their corresponding action word functions must be replaced.

Separating test data from interfacing to the SUT means that for test execution, these two must be brought together. This is done by using a piece of software called the Engine. It is the link between analysis, navigation and execution. The Engine must be called upon by the test software to get data from the cluster and to log the results, so a test report can be generated.
